---
slug: '46'
id: '1293'
author: Carric
date: '2003-06-11 12:58:45'
author_url: ''
---
The MOST abysmal consumer experience I have ever had. The unit sucks, and the support is worse. I think they have outsourced support to India, and they have used mostly substandard parts (a 4200 RPM drive versus a 5400.. whey the hell would you do that with a PVR?? Stupid..). Anyway, after about a day or so, the thing starts skipping and artifacting (the blocky stuff), and I have to turn it off. The fact that it touts wireless on the box (got it for Christmas) and they STILL have not put drivers in for anything wireless really pisses me off. I have called for support and various complaints NUMEROUS times, and the all pretty much just have me reset the unit to factory defaults, and tell me to call back if I have further problems. I am truly stunned that a company would conduct themeselves this way. I have e-mailed, called (tech support and customer service) and finally this last time they said I would have to a factory reset ONE MORE TIME, and if the problems persisted, they would replace the unit (of course I have to ship my pile of crap to them at my expense, then they will ship me a new one). ReplayTV/SonicBlue/Whoeverthehell.. you really screwed the pooch with me. I am looking to just get the Dish receiver with built-in PVR now. I hope you people do a little research on what  people are saying about you as a company, because when you fail, I probably throw a party. You just CAN'T treat the people that buy your product like that... you should be ashamed.
