---
slug: '62'
id: '1306'
author: Holly
date: '2003-10-08 11:20:57'
author_url: ''
---
Thanks for the reply Matthew.  Gosh it is such a long story.  When I was 16, I was having some issues with my folks and I moved into (and I am leaving out last names) Brooke S's house for a few months.  Brooke S and Heather (Dita) were good friends from Junior High School in Irvine, CA.  Anyway,  Brooke S, Heather (Dita) and I were the three musketeers.  We spent alot of time together along with Margo and Dana.  She lived with her dad, older and younger sisters, (initials only) S and J.  Heather was quiet, shy but had a real sweet heart. She worked at a lingerie store in Costa Mesa, CA and she worked so hard.  Brooke S and I would often drop her off on our way to the beach, usually picking her up on the way back home.  She dated a friend of mine named Mark P(I have known him since kindergarten) for a few years. Her mom was a hairdresser.  Really cool, funky little lady with alot of spark.   I am in the process of getting out my school photos of dances and hangin out. It HAS been almost 13 years. One that I have is of all of us at Homecoming 87,.  Brooke S, John B, Heather, Josh S, Zac G and Myself.  We took a limo and got ready at Heather's dads house. I will scan and send when I find it.  If you saw the picture you would be amazed.  Her face is exactly the same.  Except that she was blonde then but with the same ivory skin.  I see alot of the same expression in some of her photos.  I would love to get together with her sometime.  Last I saw her in person was in Huntington Beach, CA at a club go-go dancing.  That was probably in 92'.  I would love to talk to her.  When I saw her at the club I was so excited to see her (even with bright red hair).  She was such a great friend to me at a difficult time in my life.  I have ways to get in touch with her but I would never want her to think it was due to her position.  I don't know how I feel about what she has done, but, gosh I respect her so much for going after whatever it is that she wants.  I am proud of her.
