---
slug: '62'
id: '1355'
author: Amberglade
date: '2006-07-14 00:07:32'
author_url: ''
---
Really, the hate of the mean spirited women in this queue is pathetic.  Of course the opposite is true of the kind and supportive women.  Anyone here who JUDGES and CONDEMMS a perfectly professional, accomplished and celebrated woman like Dita is really at odds with themself.  Hates themself, despises their own life, and has nothing better to do than lash out at others.  I can assure you, Mrs. Manson did not build her career as a fashion icon and singlehandedly revive a stage art by sitting around and bashing other women on ANY internet blog or posting.  She was too busy actually working and making something of herself.  

I cannot say I've ever met her, or Marilyn Manson, but I can say that they are the great love story already of the 21st century.  He represents total chaos, and she represents control, yet these two soul mates, after rising above their peers in their respective fields, managed to find one another, get through all their relationship hassels that I assure you they have just like the rest of us, and commit to one another in a very genuine and magnificent way.  Now they are still young, rich, with amazing careers in the performing arts, they have many married friends who are long term show biz successess and successful at marriage (Depp and his wife, Osborne and his wife), and they can go anywhere, do anything, and be anybody they freaking want to now then and forever more.  

To attack this kind of hard work and good fortune in a life is to be nothing more than so pathetically jealous, misguided, brainwashed and forgive me..STUPID, that I cannot but really pity you.  However, I don't want to be judgemental, so I'll just ask those who really have an issue with Manson and his wife this.... can you possibly invision a world in which they can exist without judging you and without you judging them, so you can get on with the business of making yourself a better person?  One half of the equation is already there...believe me, that pair wouldn't need to waste a breath in judgement of you, so the rest of the work is your own.
