---
slug: '62'
id: '1360'
author: Laurie
date: '2007-12-25 07:12:21'
author_url: ''
---
Wow, I can't believe how many people on here are so hateful towards Dita. I have never met her, but I'm pretty sure she has no fan bigger than I, and the only reason I haven't seen her is because I'm pretty sure I have to be 18 to attend a show, so I'm just a few months away from it!! :) I've read so many things about Dita and how genuinely sweet she was to fans, and in her interviews I have not seen the tiniest hint that she would be "rude" or anything of the sort. If anything, I wouldn't really blame her for being not so great with some fans, especially since many ask her the SAME OLD QUESTIONS that she already gets asked in practically every interview like "What influenced you?" "Who inspired you?" etc etc. As for saying that Manson was better than her, I personally seriously disagree with that. Manson is reallllllly REALLY straight out UGLY, and he obviously did NOT deserve her. I mean seriously, he not only cheated on her with that younger girl, but after they (Dita and Marilyn) were getting the divorce, he had the NERVE to do it with the girl IN the music video for Heart Shaped Glasses, ON his and Dita's marital bed, WITH the wedding ring on. Talk about being an ass..... and still Dita did NOT bash him through interviews, or try anything like that of what he did, and him giving the whole "poor me poor me" act. He is FULL OF IT. He paid no attention to her, and once she wanted the divorce, she couldn't even get a hold of him by telephone! AND, he didn't even NOTICE when she moved out. So if anyone should be getting sympathy, it's Dita, and even then she doesn't ask for it. She has risen above all that and has done her best to get over it, instead of dwelling over how stupid he was and acted, and all the things he did to Humiliate her on purpose. At least she doesn't have to share any of her make up with him.
Also, as for those comments saying that she wouldn't of have been famous if it weren't for HIM dating her and such, that is complete BULL. She has been in MANY films, and in Playboy (I'm not a fan of porn, but that's still can be considered an accomplishment), magazines, etc etc etc. before she was even WITH him. And, Marilyn was the one who even admitted in interviews that he STALKED her, and lied about wanting her in a video so that he could get the chance to go out with her. I've seen pictures of Dita without make up, and I must say, she is still VERY pretty. Look at Marilyn without makeup though...quite disgustinggggggg! And he doesn't even have a nice body whatsoever. SO, before any of you start with your stupid &amp; lame comments, keep all this in mind. And if you doubt any of this, do your own research. As for ME, I absolutely LOVE Dita, and admire her for her strength, her performances, and look forward to getting to meet her one day.
For those of you who wanted to see pictures of her when she was a blonde, email me at astorrybooktragedy@yahoo.com with the subject "Blonde Dita", and for those who actually do think she's a man, email me with the subject "Dita a Man" and I will send you pictures of her as a CHILD to prove it to you.

Now all you haters can shut up.
