---
slug: '60'
id: '1385'
author: Kitten-Chan
date: '2004-07-22 21:48:57'
author_url: ''
---
GAWSH! i love that Site!I hav lots of e eggs..



hhSBEmail14: Duck Pond - Play duck pond simulator and feed any duck 10 times to activate the Atari 2600 version. - During the Atari 2600 version of Duck Pond, press 'A' on your keyboard to drop an anvil - Press 'Y' on your keyboard to drain the pond, - Press '8' on your keyboard to shrink a duck. SBEmail17: Studying - When Strong Bad says "This book is better than..." click on the link to open a fake Amazon page. SBEmail22: Sb_email 22 - When the newspaper pops up, click on the words "press conference". - Click on The Cheat's stack of paper. SBEmail23: Little Animal - While Strong Mad is chasing Strong Bad, click on Strong Bad's head to see the "1936" version. SBEmail28: 1 Step Ahead - At the end, if you choose yes, you can peg Strong Sad by clicking "PEG ME" on his chest. SBEmail30: 12:00 - Press the 'eject' button on the VCR to see different tapes. - Note that the working clock in the e-mail matches your own system clock. SBEmail32: Flag Day - When Strong Bad makes the joke about Pablo's name, click his name to see a ticket. - Once Strong Bad flips the coin, click on The Cheat to see a penny from Strong Badia. SBEmail33: Gimmick - At the end, you can press the contrast buttons to see sparks. SBEmail34: Weird Dream - Click on the US once Strong Bad says, "How's it goin' Texas?" to see different states in there underwear SBEmail35: Sisters - Click on the pictures of Ali and her sister to see different pictures of them. SBEmail37: Dullard - Click on the comic on Strong Bad's cubical to read it. SBEmail38: Helium - At the end, click on The Cheat to hear Strong Sad. SBEmail40: Vacation - After the 2nd postcard is over, click on the little window. - After the 4th postcard, click on the right headlight of the far right car. - During the 5th postcard, click on the card when Strong Bad is talking about his Caricature. - The "Dorks" post-it note will talk to you if you click on it. SBEmail41: Invisibility - Wait till the very end and you'll see the Tandy computer in the trash, click on the contrast buttons. SBEmail42: Action Figure -Click on the peanut action figure at the end, continue clicking on the other ones to see more. SBEmail43: Little Questions - At the end, click on the word "Sweden". - Then click on the Swedish flag. SBEmail44: Lures &amp; Jigs - click "Fishing" SBEmail45: Techno - Click The Cheat's light switch. SBEmail46: Your Friends - Click on the word Poopsmith in the email to see a Poopsmith trading card. SBEmail47: New Hands - At the end, click on the words 'lazar gun'. - Then click on both of Strong Bad's hands. SBEmail48: Ghosts - If you kill the bad graphics ghost, Strong Sad will sing a song for you. If you can't do it, try holding TAB. SBEmail49: Theme Party - Click on "baseball hats". - Click on "t-shirts". - Click on "skinny blonde girls". SBEmail50: 50 Emails - Click where it says 'book' on the first email. - Click on the candle at the end. SBEmail51: Website - Click the F10 button at the end of Strong Bad's website. (to get there click the link at the end of the email) - Click on the mouse near the bottom of the page to see the Brothers Strong answering emails. - In that clip, click where is says "Pride, Detail Ethics". SBEmail52: Island - Click on Strong Bad and Homestar at the very end to see what the other is thinking. SBEmail53: Comic - Click the girl's names at the beginning. - Click on the top of the states to see them in white-brand underwear. - Click the last grave for Strong Bad. - Then Click on the words "independent record store" at the end. SBEmail54: Morning Routine - Click the words "Compy 386" on Strong Bad's Computer at the end. SBEmail55: Cheat Talk - Click "you guys" to see another Monkey D postcard like from email #40. - Click "learn how to speak The Cheat" to learn how to speak The Cheat! SBEmail56: Current Status - Click the Floppy Disk SBEmail57: Japanese Cartoon - Click "japanese cartoon" at the end of the email. - Click "japanese cartoon" again to see Homestar watching it on his TeeBee. - When Homestar is watching his TeeBee, click on the video tape that says "NES endings". - Once the first NES screen shot pops up, click it many more times to see more NES endings. SBEmail58: Dragon - Click the R in Strong Mad's carving. SBEmail59: Marzipan - Click "video for a client" in The Cheats last message window. - Wait a little while after it is over to get a message from Strong Sad. SBEmail60: Huttah! - Click on the seagull in the "take a break" program to accually download it. SBEmail61: Monster Truck - Click the first "sunday" at the end to see a flyer for the show. - Click the second "sunday" to play AweXome Cross '98. - Click the word "someday" at the end to see a signed picture of Limozeen. SBEmail62: Interview - Click on "Kerrek" when Strong Bad talks about Trogdor. - During the entire interview, keep clicking on the Strong Bad post-it. It'll keep changing. - The Homsar post-it will do the same. - When Homsar shows up, hit the lightswitch. - Click The Cheat's lightswitch for the Techno effect. - Wait a couple of seconds after the cartoon is done. The Cheat makes a special appearance. - Click the floppy disc by the Homsar puppet to get a third secret menu. SBEmail63: Fingers - Click on the locker handle by Coach Z. - Click on the right side of the box with Homestar. SBEmail64: English Paper - Click "the cheat's allowance". SBEmail65: Unused Emails - In the scene with the cheat click on the top of each stack of paper to read unused emails - In the scene with strong mad click on the stack to read another one. - In the final scene click on the compy screen to see Bub's weekly Spamvertisement. - In Bub's weekly Spamvertisement click on the picture of the product to see other products. SBEmail66: The Show - Click on Homestar's notecards. - Click "kicked the Cheat" SBEmail67: Autobiography - Click the audio tape box to open it up. - Click it again to see the back. - Click it a third time to see the front again. - When Strong Bad talks about The Deke, click the speaker to see his picture. - Click the torn paper of Strong Bad, Strong Mad, and The Cheat to view the back. - At the very end, click weightloss tapes to see the KOT jogging. SBEmail68: Caper - Click 'caper' after the first scene with homestar. - Once the paper comes down, you can click The Cheat's eyes. - Wait a while after the end for Homestar to come out and talk. - When he's done talking, you can click his shoes to do a Jumble. You may print it out. Smile SBEmail69: Personal Favorites - At the end, click 'other' to see another personal favorite. There are two variations - Click 'Grape Nuts robot' several times to hear different phrases. There are three variations - Press the letter "Q" on your keyboard after the e-mail is finished. - go to .swf, pause and zoom in on the side of the Grape Nuts robot. hSBEmail70: Big White Face - Click on The Cheat's portrait to bring up The Cheat's anatomy chart. - At the end, click the tiny poop spot on The Poopsmith's shovel to download a wallpaper. - Click on the cake to see it. - Keep clicking the cake to add more toppings. SBEmail71: 2 Emails - Click "double the fun" at the begining. - Click "2003 Ladies' Choice Awards" - Click "back" at the end for a short 1936 toon. - Also at the end, click "backwards". SBEmail72: Crazy Cartoon - At the end, click on Eh! Steve! on The Cheat's computer screen. - Also at the end, click on the orange bar on The Cheat's computer. SBEmail73: Mascot - Click "really hungry and tired" to see Strong Bad and The Cheat really hungry and tired. - Click "application" to see the application - Hover over the letters at the end of the e-mail to play the fight song yourself! SBEmail74: Privileges - Click the pizza box to see "Bub's Really Old Pizza" - Click the magazine at the end of the e-mail to see "The Hardest Chord Ever" - Click The Cheat's arm after seeing the article to see him burn Homestar's magazines SBEmail75: Funny - Click Strong Bad's mask when he's bouncing on his head to see Homestar - Click the peice of ketchup by the fries to see a bottle of ketchup
  	 
simon
View Public Profile
Send a private message to simon
Find More Posts by simon
bhAdd simon to Your Buddy List
 03-31-2004, 03:39 AM 	  #2 
simon  -super nub delux-simon's Stuff Posts: 3Status: Offline Karma: 25  Favorite: The Cheat	 Re: Email Eggs  SBEmail76: Sibbie - Click "purple thing". - Click the radio at the end. SBEmail77: Suntan - Click the "G" in Gooblis's tag - Click the pen at the end SBEmail78: Anything - Click "Fish Lake" - Click "CD'S" - Wait at the end for Homestar to remark about the apparent volume of the bottle. SBEmail79: Process - Click "Faint of Heart" - Click "Faint of Butt" - Click "name" - Click "typing" - Click "certain words" - Click "dumb stuff" - Wait around for 10-15 seconds after the e-mail ends - Click "something else" SBEmail80: Stunt Double - Click on 3D at the end - Click on watch out after the 3D is gone. SBEmail 81: Date -Click "lurking horrors." -Click "Marzipan's." -Click "super mud." -At the end, click "game." SBEmail 82: Impression -Click "bigger butt" -Click "penmanship award" -Click "afterparty" -Click "Jhorka" SBEmail 83: Labor Day -Click "Schenectady, NY -Click on the cooler after KOT asked if there is anything to eat in there -Click on the "labor dabor" sign -Click on Strong Bad's blue crystal on this mask SBEmail 84: Kids' Book -Click on "book" -Click on "eh Steve?" SBEmail 85: 2 Years -click "Homestar Runner's Website" -click on Strong Bad's blue diamond at the end SBEmail 86: No Loafing -click Bud's 30 cent lunch special -click appointment SBEmail 87: Mile - press O at the end - Click on 'proms' and 'pizza parties' - when strong bad begins to roll, click on the disc SBEmail 88: Couch Patch - click on "make homestarrunner's head explode.exe" - click in the black area above "back". SBEmail 89: Local News - click on the muscle on the poster at the end, then click on the cd SBEmail 90: Colonization - click on "shana" and "history books" at the end. SBEmail 91: Caffeine - click the small cards at the end - click the paper in the little folder thing - to the right of the project, an arrow will appear. then click the little puddle. SBEmail 92: Kind of Cool - click Hanging Out - click Senor Cardgage - watch the toon multiple times to hear strong bad say 3 different things to strong mad SBEmail 93: Army - click Three-to-one marny - click No Idea - click Army SBEmail 94: Video Games - wait a few moments, then click on the boxes - for the text adventure game, type DANCE, SMELL, GET DAGGER, or DIE. SBEmail 95: The Bet - click Losers - click Them SBEmail 96: Lackey - click on the hobby kit box - click the SB graffiti - click on Doughregard after the e-mail ends 
The House that Gave Sucky Treats.
1. This may not do anything but you can flip the light switch on and off when you choose.
2. When the Poopsmith and Pom Pom come to the door pick up the pumpkin at the Poopsmith's feet and drag it to his head. You have now unlocked a secret charater!
3. When Strong Bad comes to the door give him the old easter bunny candy. When his list comes up on screen click on the name Kewpie Dan, and another screen still come up with a picture.
4. At the end when their talking to each other little messages come up when you put your mouse over the moon, pumpkin, and skull.

Pumpakin Carve-nival.
1. I don't know if this is an egg but up at the loading part you can click on the pumpkins eyes and mouth to make it change shapes.
2. When Homestar and The Cheat make it to The Poopsmith click on his pumpkin as they pass.
3. At the End there are three things you can click on. The Moon, The King of Town, and the real Homestar.

3 Times the Hollowen Fun!
1. When Coach Z and Bubs come to the door give them the pumpkin bucket at Bubz feet to unlock a secret charater!
2. Click on the Poopsmith's head when Homestar and Bubs are talking about Homestar's "candy" to unlock another secret charater!
3. At the end click on the right most candy corn light. You will notice its out unless your mouse is over it. Then you'll see the infamous Homestar puppet.
4. Also at the end you can click on many of the charaters such as The Cheat, Bubs, Marzipan, The Poopsmith, Strong Bad, Coach Z, and Strong Sad.
On the download page:
Click the "$" ATM button, then click on 0.00 where it lists your balance.
Grab the bank card and drag it over to the card slot in the upper right of the machine.G
Input the pin #5675 and you'll get a whole other list of homestar quotes to download.
