---
slug: '140'
id: '1556'
author: WoodChuckHunter
date: '2009-02-07 03:41:33'
author_url: ''
---
Bad INfo is right!

1st Grout Pond is HEAVILY used, and the poor trail and site conditions show that heavy use, Senator Leahy's office stated that over 70 MILLION PEOPLE use the Green Moiuntain National Forest!

70 MILLION PEOPLE!  prisitne? quiet? get real.
I live in arlington and have a camp on moose run road not far from Grout and we towed out over 300 cars stuf last year alone...it is our ONLY job, towing city people back out $2500 a tow in winter when road is closed, $750 in summer, not responsible for damages.

ALSO Grout Pond is open to RV and trailer camping, there are not less than 50 Fifth wheels, RVs and tin trailers in the southern Green Mountain NF from airport road to Grout all season long. the crossing does not open until Memorial Day friday night or Sat morning, the culverts wash out every winter and spring, the road is closed all winter and spring to repair these damages, SO that means everyone that wants to camp in the GMNF HAS to go to Grout or Airport Road or Red Mill Pond.

in May 1-9th 2009 we are hosting the Annual Woodchuck Tradtional Turkey Hunt, we will be camped at Red Mill Pond, and Grout Pond, RVs can and do get to all sites except the backside of the lake and site 20, the rest are going to be filled (first coem first served and we live right there with 5 cars, so guess who will be first? LOL, not the jackhole from Connect the Dot! LOL)  If you are into home brew and home smokes, and like to shoot alot and hunt turkeys sign up for the Hunt, we also are doing two more in the year too, Grout is excellent for this as any vehicle can make it in there, it is a paved town road right to the forest road, all the skiiers at Stratton pay for the plowing.

Snowmobiling is great this year and the ice fishing today was pretty damn good. AND we got to tow out one Masshole in a taurus...yeah, no we dont do triple A, cash pal....and then towed out a Chevy truck from NH looking for moose...he was a hunter so no charge.

Come on up the water and mountains are GREAT in Vermont we will be tapping trees here this week and have cider donuts too. my wife makes quilts and knits sweaters, we also have some goat's milk cheese and some smoked trout!

COME TO VERMONT
